welcome you are watching a video review from
sotmarket
Dual SIM Smartphone with 5 inch
screen mid-range fly
horizon iq450
shipped device in small
carton box and inside here you can
detect the device itself as well
battery to him charger
humble headset and usb cord and of course
same user manual
the device has a simple pleasant
concise design it can be said that
something even strict there are rounded
forms
The case materials
this is the backside plastic it has
relief which is very pleasant to the touch well
and all on the ends
edged with silver frame products
very light weighs only 168 grams
and its thickness is 9.7 millimeters
certainly not in the place where it is
The camera is of great quality.
materials are excellent no squeaks and
backlash is not noticed
the entire front panel is fully occupied
durable glass which is present
cutout conversational speaker next to him
sensor kit and front camera
bottom 3 touch control buttons on
top right side is the lock button and
turning off the device on the left side
volume rocker on top
headphone input and micro usb jack
bottom end clean
8-megapixel peephole on the back
cameras and
dual LED flash bottom
external speaker holes back
cap
completely removed fixed securely and
under it is extensive
battery compartment two slots for sim
cards and one slot for micro sd card
the device is equipped with a screen with a diagonal
5 inches with hp with 480 resolution matrix
at 854 points the screen is beautiful
color reproduction colors saturated bright
natural look at this screen
of course very nice
image is quite clear and stock
brightness is also very high besides
please and viewing angles speed
provided by the mediatek platform
mt6577 with dual core processor
clock frequency of 1000 megahertz
RAM here
512 megabytes contained and video processor
powervr sgx531
all this is enough to
ensure fast operation
games and applications of course not top
but still a lot will just go here
wonderful internal memory 4
gigabyte expandable up to
32 gigabytes using micro sd card
all communication technologies are supported
what you need there is wi-fi
bluetooth version 3 as well as gps navigation
2000 milliamp hour battery gives
average run times
devices is six hours in mode
talk and 400 hours while waiting
that is, with moderate so to speak
smartphone use will last
one and a half to two days
operating system android version 40
very easy to use
works quickly there are several
desktops that can
arrange various widgets and
app shortcuts are really all
comfortable and fast access
there are basic settings from
preinstalled apps you get
set to work entertainment and of course
same communication is present customers
social networks facebook vkontakte
and there are some simple ones
games and a variety of interesting
applications like sptv
this program allows you to watch
tv online
and also there is a coinkeeper in which you
you can keep track of your finances and
other useful programs
of course if you need something else you
you can go to the play market and buy there
additional applications and games either
download free standard video
the player is simple and easy to use
and of course on such a large and in principle
quality movie screen watch
pretty nice player is no different
especially special functionality and
Therefore, I recommend to purchase it, of course, or
install free
third-party video player with it all
will be like clockwork
musical possibilities also delight
The player is standard and android vsky is
on the front panel immediately the main
functions you can sort the music by
albums by track create playlists and
so on from the extra features
sound effects can be noted
here is a simple 5 linear equalizer
can strengthen the lower frequencies include 3d
effects and also make different effects
reverb
of course in order to enjoy
music from this device you need
buy something better than complete
headset 8 megapixel camera
armed with autofocus and double
LED flash
the pictures are wonderful principle
quite fit to
use this smartphone as
portable camera plus everything
It is possible to shoot hd-video from
1280 by 720 pixel resolution
what ultimately pleased us smartphone
fly iq450 horizon
Of course, quite a low price and
this is normal stuffing and great
screen and of course the build quality
also pleases recommend buying more
in detail with the characteristics of the device
you can see on the page
product online
there are also specially selected
accessories
Do not forget about our group VKontakte
write begin discussion we always
We will be happy to answer your questions